I told you not to drink and drive
Don't drink and drive
You just wouldn't listen?
It's all right now.
Killing
Not crying is a pain
If you fail financially
What should I do with the army?
Don't worry about it
I have already prayed
What about the hospital certificate?
Why are you crying here alone?
I don't have a mother.
And my dad said
After death, people become stars in the sky
Protect the people you love the most
So you won't be without a mother.
He will always be with you
Really? Of course it's true.
This is what my mom bought for me
She said she would be lucky to wear it
Now I'll give you half of it.
If you are lucky, don't cry alone
Thank you. You're welcome.
Whose is this?
Say whose it is mine